Liu Changjiang
Are you threatening me?
If you say yes, take it.
You order
Ah!
Sasha, how dare you touch me?
Do you know who I am?
You hurry up and let go
Earth Cloud Group is not something you can afford to offend
Joe, I'm telling you you're going to fail
I sued the president of our Earth Cloud Group
Prison Hall Master Lord Xiao Xu
By then, none of you will be able to leave here.
This money
I want you to die. Okay, okay, okay.
It's over, it happens to be the envoy of JD.com
Will it be two-faced unemployed?
That's crap.
This night pavilion in your house
Didn't you get the certificate with him once?
Your new son-in-law
Offended the first group on the first day
Hey, your performance?
I'm going to die soon.
You just don't listen to me.
I have to find such a courier.
Look what you found.
It caused our Ye family to be implicated
Yeah listen to me let go
I have offended hell and I don't want to live anymore
Hmph, let go and let me die
Aren't you going to call Piao Xu?
come
hit
Boy, you don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Be sure to memorize
Ah hahahahaha oh
Broken hand is fine
I'll call for you.
Miss
Lend you 3 minutes to come to the Emperor Hotel
Discipline your people well